Ambiorix Cruz Angeles
9/2/2018
Week 1- S.M.A.R.T.- Specific, Measurable, Actionable, Relevant, Timebound

Smart Goal # 1-

I will go through the raw model data, extract, and crop out 2-3 features, out of the 438, to the enclosed domain of 31N-41N and 82W-102W. Afterwards, these features will be saved as a “featurename.csv” files onto a “Feature” folder in my portable HDD. Then, the HDD will be passed to the Model Team, so they can create a new model for every new feature. 

The result of this effort will be shown by a jupyter notebook titled “rex/feature.ipnb” in the master repo. Commits will be done as often as I can remember so the progress can be tracked on github. Any features fully properly extracted will be part of a list that will go in the wiki/doc page of the github repo.

It is possible for me to achieve this because all the raw data is stored onto my 1 TB HDD that I got for this class. My computer at home is more than capable of doing this task in a jupyter notebook environment through anaconda navigator.

Our project consists of training multiple supervised learning models to accurately produce radar data with satellite images and model data as input. These several models will then be examined and evaluated based on accurately they reproduce the available radar image. This task will take the team one step further and will get everyone started for this semester.

This task should be done by next Sunday. 9/3/2018

Smart Goal #2-

I can go through all the available raw radar data, satellite data, and model data, and pick out the dates and times that match. For example, they are all from the year 2017 but are taken at different frequencies throughout the day; Satellite data is every 30 minutes, Radar data is every hour, and Model data is every 6 hours. Creating a small subset of images that all correlate within every 6 hours of the Model data might give us better results when training a model.

The result of this effort will be shown by a jupyter notebook titled “rex/correlate.ipnb” in the master repo. Commits will be done as often as I can remember so the progress can be tracked on github. This subset of data will be stored on the portable HDD of the group, as a folder titled “correlate”, for the Feature Extraction team and the Model Creation team to use.

It is possible for me to achieve this because all the raw data is stored onto my 1 TB HDD that I got for this class. My computer at home is more than capable of doing this task in a jupyter notebook environment through anaconda navigator. If need be, a linux virtual environment will be used inside my home computer to properly use libraries like “pygrib” to be able to read the raw data into python.

Our project consists of training multiple supervised learning models to accurately produce radar data with satellite images and model data as input. These several models will then be examined and evaluated based on how accurately they reproduce the available radar image. This task will take the team one step further into being able to create a base model.

This task should be done by next Sunday. 9/3/2018

Smart Goal #3-

I can work on cleaning up the github master repo by organizing readme files, the wiki page, and the documentation. This will not only extend towards what I’ve done that needs documentation, it will extend to what others have yet to post up on the repo. I’ll contact them via our facebook messenger group and ask them questions about what they would like for me to document from their notebooks.

The result of this effort will be shown on the groups master repo: re-organizing files, updating readmes, documenting meetings, workflow, smart goals achieved, wiki page, etc.

Since the semester just began, I believe I will have some free time, this week, after I go back home after my classes. This doesn’t require much computing power nor coding. It is just some tidying up.

Organizing our documentation, updating our readme files, and editing the wiki will help in the future in case we would like to go through old code or previous results. Our team has been lacking some documentation, so I figured that if I spare time, I could do it.

This task should be done by next Sunday. 9/3/2018 This task can be repeated throughout the semester if I have finished my prior smart goals. The more organized the team is, the better.
